Are you looking to build a Shopify store with a beautiful home page? Maybe you are looking for a beautiful landing page for your product or service. Look no further. With over 2 years of experience on the Shopify platform and over 3 years of experience in frontend design, I am the guy to build your store, landing page or a new killer dropshipping website.


• ECOMMERCE SKILLS

Shopify Development
Full familiarity of the Shopify platform gained by making many websites for my Clients using Shopify Partner Program. My web development background gives me an edge over other Shopify developers.

Landing Page Design
With over 3 years of frontend experience I am able to bring any idea to life. You have a product or service which needs a well thought out Landing Page with best conversion rate optimisation tactics. Hire me and get a perfect Landing Page with latest modern design elements.

Product Menagement
Fully capable of working with a large inventory of products, importing, exporting and optimizing product pages, for many different variants.

Product Research
By using the Aliexpress and Oberlo platforms, I am capable of finding trending products for any niche which will convert.

• ADVERTISING SKILLS

Facebook Ads
Full familiarity with the Facebook Ads Manager. I am capable of making campaigns for any kind of goal. Familiarity with the Facebook Pixel and A/B testing for finding the Ad creative and audiences which convert.

Google Ads
Full understanding of the Google Ads Platform, Google Analytics and Google Search Console.

Animated Videos
While customizing various product pages for many different websites, I was required to find a video of the product. Most of the time products don't have videos, so I developed a skill of making animated videos like my Video Resume at the top of the Page.

Video Editing
Fully capable to edit any kind of video. Editing is required for my animated videos, so I am fully proficient in it. I own Adobe Premiere Pro and Wondershare Filmora, both of which I use for editing videos.

• CODING SKILLS

Shopify Liquid Template Language
Full understanding and practical knowledge of the Shopify Liquid Template Language. I am able to work on the Shopify platform on both the back end and the front end side.

Python
Sufficient knowledge of the Python programming language. I use Python mainly through Django which is a web development framework, but I also have a few Python only projects to my name.

Back end Development
Fully efficient in Django and Shopify Liquid Language. I have built many back end web apps with Django for example I built a quiz app for testing candidates which also marks them upon completion. I am also able to connect front end with the back end on the Shopify platform.

Front End Development
Full understanding of HTML, Css and Javascript. I am able to built Landing pages like the one you are on now. Working on many websites has allowed me to hone my front end skills to a new level.

