Hi,
This is antonio davis from belgium.
I really appreciate being considered for this role.
I am looking forward to talking more about these with you.
I've reviewed the job description, and it aligns well with my experience and qualifications.
I see you are looking for experienced Ruby on Rails developer and when it comes to my experience with Ruby on Rails, I have 6 years of experience with this languages.
I have 8 years of experience with web development and 12 years of experience with programming.
I started my program development with C/C++ which is the basic language of programming.
Regarding without this, I can expect high programmming logic.
As you know Rails is a framework of Ruby like React is a framework of javascript and it is very similar to C/C++.
I was very much interested in this languages and I have started learning about this languages 8 years ago.
As you know, down to earth and learn more so I started my life as a Internship and I have worked on various small companies or agency.
There, I am very much experienced and I had high RoR skills.
When I thought, I can work as a developer, I started working in middle or big software Companies.
At first I worked as a Full Stack Ruby on Rails developer, I have built frontend and backend from scratch to the end using Ruby on Rails with my two hands.
Now, JavaScript is the most popular programming language and most of the website is built with JavaScript frameworks like React, Vue.js and Angular.
Recently, Svelte is a growing JavaScript framework, so I have learned and have some experience in developing frontend using this pre-rendering language unlike React or Vue.js.
And I would like to say 30% is frontend and 70% is backend for me.
I’ve expertise skill at javascript and typescript. and other skills like redux, graphql. and mysql mongodb postresql for database.
I am a big fan of working from home, which is very flexible job type and a great option during this pandemic, And usually process a daily standup at 10 am which is the best time i think,

And I was always provided flexible deadline from my previous companies, so I like it most,