PHP : Laravel Framework
NodeJs : Express Framework

Front-End Technologies:
Javascript: React & Angular.
Typescript: Angular 8,9,10 & 11.

DB: Mysql, GraphQl & Mongo.
Testing Framework: Cypress Framework

Tools: Docker

Charting Library: D3, NVD3 & Highcharts.

UI Framework: Tailwind, Bootstrap, Material, PrimeNg, AntD

Agile Tool: JIRA, Asana, Yodiz, Trello

Communication: Slack, Teams, Google, Skype.

Version Control: GIT, BitBucket & Gitlab.

Some of my links:

1) http://rnwent.com/
2) https://tokenize.exchange/
3) http://www.artflute.com/
4) https://www.intempt.com/

Integrated react, angular with majority of the backend technologies such as PHP, Node, Java & Rails.

I can give my 40 hours/week.

Thanks,
----------------------------
Hey,

Let me explain exactly how we will build you an AWESOME new store for your brand.

My team and I have done this successfully for dozens of other brands like yours this year (which also happen to be 6 and 7 figure companies).

We’ve found a way to produce stores that make your ecommerce business THRIVE, especially in your industry. It’s based on the following winning strategy:

1. Using proven psychological principles in our designs to remove any purchase friction

2. Applying bleeding edge features from Shopify, so your store is fast and bug-free

3. Creating a seamless mobile experience, since over 75% of your customers likely come from mobile

4. Constant focus on building for SALES - this glues together the above 3 to make checkouts ridiculously simple & fast

Below you can find some examples of our previous work applying this strategy:

✔ flowrishlashes.com - redesign for Canadian beauty brand resulting in 2X Sales
✔ deceptiontoronto.com - redesign for Canadian streetwear brand
✔ fodzyme.com - development for Y-Combinator funded nutrition brand
✔ zoe.good-vets.com - dog health supplement store by Chicago chain veterinary
✔ deniceroma.com - custom luxury fashion marketplace
✔ int.bodyboss.com - fitness regime website
✔ velomino.com - LA based comfort-tracksuit brand

To show you in more detail how we can apply this strategy to you, let’s have a call to discuss your exact requirements.

I will help you with a plan for getting this store running and making sales within a month.

During our call, you'll receive the necessary clarity that you can apply to your project no matter who you choose to work with.

Make sure to message me on here with the time you booked, in order to start the Upwork chat process.

Please note: the bid attached to this proposal is a placeholder, because we need to discuss the project specifics first on our call.

Looking forward to speaking with you.

Regards
--------------------------