- Introducing

Hello, nice to meet you.
I am so honered to meet you and glade to introduce myself in front of you.
I have read your job proposal on Angle platform, and checked your official websites, and thought I could be a perfect candidate in this solidity developer role.

I would like to introduce my career and skill set related to this role.

- Web2 experience
Actually I have specialized in computer science in college, and after graduate from schoole, I have worked as a full stack web developer.
I have participated in various finance systems, ecommerce and ERP systems for several companies, and during the developement, I have gained rich experience in software development and engineering.
This was good experience for me and thanks to this experience, I could be full stack blockchain developer and could lead the dev team to the success.

- Why did I turn into the web3 from web2
By the way, when it comes to centralized system, I felt that centralize is not comfortable with User Experience and the effecient.
Users should trust the server manager, and needed to pass several complex process to complete their transaction.
This might be very slow, even simple transaction might need several days.
Four years ago, I turned into blockchain project, and started as a solidity smart contract developer.

- Web3 and solidity experience
In the last 4 years, I have built complex DeFi protocols, NFT ecosystem and cryptocurrency. 
Those projects covered more than 60 smart contracts and complex web3 systems.
I could handle these projects as I have rich experience in software development process and engineering.
For now, I can make any complex smart contract system.
Actually, mordern dApp systems require very large scale smart contract + web3 + React system.
Also security and reliable is very important.
I am specialized in solidity smart contract and logic.
I have launched 3 complex DeFi protocols on Ethereum, BSC and Polygon, 2 NFT projects and 2 cryptocurrencies.
Also made a metaverse smart contracts and Node web3 project on Avalanche.
I am very familiar with all EVM comfortable blockchain.

- Team experience
When it comes to team cooperation, I am confident about it.
I love team working, and I love learning and cooperating with others.
We can solve all problem within team and it will lead the team to the success.
Actually, in my previous projects , I have worked with team members - CTO, project manager, and auditors and QA engineers and frontend devleopers.
I am very familiar with working with them.
I have worked with United States, United Kindom and Dutch clients also us companies so far.
There was many team mates from different country and timezone.
Again I love teamworking and also that's why I want to work in company.

- Why I would like to work in company?
To be honest, without strong experience and high-level skills, noone can work in company.
Four years ago, I exited regular job, and started freelancing for blockchain project. I was sure about blockchain's bright future.
But I have no skill, so I decided to work as a freelancer.
During the 4 years of freelancing, as you can see, I have gained strong experience enough to work in company and lead the team.
I am proud of my previous projects and make sure I will be able to contribute to others.
But no one can do better than all.
A person should learn continuesly and learn new technology.
This is possible in company and great team.
Enough experience and skills, and desire to learn new skills, and good relationship with other friends is my reason why I am going to work in company.
And I love your company's visoin, build new ecosystem on polkadot chain, this is new area in blockchain. I love learning new technologies.

- How many team members do you have?
- Is there any blockchain developer I can cooperate with?
- Is there web3 and frontend engineer?
- Working hours?
- Which communication platform do you useally use? discord? or slack?
- can you tell me a bit about technical hiring process?

